1 supermarket whistle collection
Avatar name method
r
Terminator kitchen knife
It is a method 堺 by hole betting. During the day, you can see the Emperor Ha Spring Prize Spring.
Last week more than yeah Well if taking two boxes of videos I'm Friday a day of the stage, but Well Kyoto turf course
Fast is this year
This week of Knepper black mecha this year's outlook plant is also willing to say the kana is around that often hold the Nekagi
Because
a It seems to compete to receive the above result first
But I want to choose whether it can correspond
We will expand the ruling party soon after this, so please look forward to it
Then, it is said that the Emperor Prize is bated, but especially this year with a pattern with this Emperor Prize
In addition, I think that it is these three that become the point
First of all, it looks pedigree Triumphal archesline pedigree holding Not wanting a formidable horse
It is red that the result is good
After coming up from this resistance Well I once a color problem, but
If and not in the human order of magnitude is not the position with four days Well it is that winning or losing would be severe
Happy from the past trend
And as I mentioned earlier, this year's theme and resistance to enzymes and horses
I think it is appropriate
First it is one one of you but Eema It is with respect to market b
For example, I thought that Sadler's Wells was in the hatch at our center last year
The foreign horse red card is played by apache
If you shoot a double before the end, you will see the jungle of the Gejima in the mart after entering the mart
If it is a pocket, it has a straight straight
Nde also out winning horse Maybe after King's the best you company
If you do not eat 5:00 star what is referred to as the so-called this kind of triumphal somewhere duel European pedigree of the highest peak
I think that the horse is good to consider
say it's here
Another Ryukyu degree also a a little bit of space relationship I did not sweat though this
It means that there was not here here most
34 horses think I came from even You're four corners two digits of the position going back to the past in the betting ticket within Japan
There is only one
here
You can see clearly from here
So, for example, even in the case of the person 9 signature column, love that has many extremes breaks through
I somehow reach I'm not one that assumed Well then what looks not from applicants in fact in so much good idea
It is understood from the trend of stocks that there is no
Buber I think that if it is the theme of this year, it is a high-speed system In the stage of last week-
It was 22 seconds more than ultra-high-speed Baba
It better Well early could have guessed it I'd pre-day in each other record not Sanra
I think it can be said that during the wagon collection Hey, well, it's raining a lot
It was the announcement of how Well bad when Well, the Red Caddo managed to fully follow in Kyoto of sign language
Follow
I was wondering where it will be , but it's a Babaa announcement announced by jra on Friday noon
Tomorrow once a company is both at noon and the island is good too
Well here is probably good Baba of Panpan's supposed Baba well expected strategy set
It does not say early or Oh hey anything to brother versus Well at least minus one point five seconds fall day
Need aptitude
It is believed that or not essential
If you are grunt there is sorrow of in that there is high to some extent 12 or i go with in the four corners
It seems like you are helping to position the pie and make a pedigree Arc de Triomphe award itself
This is booby's existence this year Echa day sun morning tears pedigree here
the difference
4Traditionally light turf that performance is raised in this spring Kyoto and dropped by yourself
Learn to buy
here is whether Karanemaa
I don't think much of it, but I'll wait at the 4 months old position
Roughly like this to leave before the usual is not in time it's horse racing Well when such a
I'm hoping that I can climb outside this year because it's late
Boo Boo can not do it - j
Well, as you pointed out at that time, it is a phrase that has a tendency to have more pitcher pets
And, last week, but in the opening week of Tokyo, I would like to run a full support spoon after all.
When Well become a fairly important pedigree again this year because it seems that situation is maintained in this kind of wind
Do you think
If it is detailed , I think that the issue will be overwhelmed even with the animation of your favorite car
I guess I will try my best to touch excuses , so I would like to continue
I hope you can expect it all week next week
Well I also participate in horse racing exciting sites I will pair every week
We publish all useful information for the school for free
Former major leader devil Sieger's owner of the large demon God Sasaki Lord Hiroshi
The name of the main race to read in its own perspective is the name of the Major League Ball 22
In addition, I am making public on Sunday formula making base free this week which someone recommends
Please come to play by all means once the rain mask family who have never seen yet
Or Let It In Good luck also everyone this week of betting Nakatsu geisha